If you like, you can answer some or all of these questions:
● What in my life feels challenging/constricting? What in my life feels
relaxing/inspiring/heart-opening?

Challenging / Constricting:
Money
Religion
Others repressive words, doubts, fears, judgements, beliefs  and my thoughts
My desires and emotions
Trying to make things that people like
Trying to make something that matters to others
Trying to feel like I'm accomplishing
smoking

Relaxing / inspiring / heart-opening:
Connecting to my heart
Writing free form
Listening to music
Building lego
Drinking tea
Writing gratitude prayers
Listening to inspiring voices
Feeling safe and comforted

● In my wildest dreams of living, what does my life feel like? What emotions do I
experience every day?

It's when I'm not me. When I'm the other one. The pure and perfect being that just wants to
be and love and create and experience endless depths of amazing emotions surfacing inside.

That state. The real freedom of expression state.
see here https://www.jamesbyt.es/spiritdir/2020-06-15-Accessing-All-Potentialities.html
Where I feel the light, the openness pouring in, the release of the pressure,
the sacral creative energy, the weight lifted off my chest.

● If I could create anything, what would it be? What would it fell like to create like
this?

I don't even know. Something beautiful. Perhaps beautiful words that I love and treasure
in my heart.


● Name 8 things that are wonderful about who you are.

I'm there for others
I'm strong
I'm intuitive and creative
I'm intelligent, emotionally mentally and spiritually
I'm capable of great output
I'm willing to let go
I have beautiful parts that sometimes express
I'm respectful and honorable and honoring

Hey all. I create projects and write things at https://sorcerawr.com/ and https://www.jamesbyt.es/.

At this current stage of my life, I'm apparently some kind of god of chaos and order, shaking the dirt up into pure creative source, while calling for the rain of love from above.

Right now I feel that my art project is myself, that I am being formed while forming, a co-creator in my own life, a cowriter to my own story. I'm a bit of an actor in my own play as well, always changing what I express and bring out and how I project.
This makes me feel a bit like a master magician of sorts, and I admire the concept of flowing like water, creating the illusion or reality that I dance effortlessly through my actions.

I aspire to mastery of life and take some small pride in being deeply rooted and grounded.
What interests me is the changing of states of reality, the study and pursuit of wisdom, uncovering and teaching the secrets of life, and becoming me.

The two things I care about or desire most are accessing and living from my own creative source, and being connected to those who I can connect, love, and share with openly.

Unfortunately, what has kept me from those two things has been my own fear. While I am well equipped to process great amounts of fear and act despite of it, I still struggle with fear. Some years ago I had an experience of the greater dimensions and came back with far more fear than a person should have.

My own fear and resistance and a desire to create what others will accept and like often closes my heart, and a fear of showing up (and potentially, rejection) often tarnishes and taints my interactions and writings.

I have several times connected to a place where I am free to just be and love myself as I am, but the worries of others have come in and the next day has come and that place has been lost many times.

Perhaps last year I came across a woman online writing poetry, and saw her absolute love of this art. I shared something with her and she loved it as well. Witnessing this was a beauty beyond comparison. Alas, I never even wrote back a thank you after my fear of showing up and destroying that arose again.

Now I identify that perhaps that is what I want most and am seeking, to allow myself to fall in love with creation itself.
The desire that follows that nearly destroys me, and that is the desire to be creating on the highest level, with the most powerful creators in the world.
That being said, I don't even know what I would want to create if I could create anything.

I have to note that I'm glad I wrote this.

Thank you all for being here.

my fb, https://www.facebook.com/james.bytes.73

James BytesMay 22 2021 7:07 PM
Hey all. I create projects and write things at https://sorcerawr.com/ and https://www.jamesbyt.es/.

At this current stage of my life, I'm apparently some kind of god of chaos and order, shaking the dirt up into pure creative source, while calling for the rain of love from above.

Right now I feel that my art project is myself, that I am being formed while forming, a co-creator in my own life, a cowriter to my own story. I'm a bit of an actor in my own play as well, always changing what I express and bring out and how I project.
This makes me feel a bit like a master magician of sorts, and I admire the concept of flowing like water, creating the illusion or reality that I dance effortlessly through my actions.

I aspire to mastery of life and take some small pride in being deeply rooted and grounded.
What interests me is the changing of states of reality, the study and pursuit of wisdom, uncovering and teaching the secrets of life, and becoming me.

The two things I care about or desire most are accessing and living from my own creative source, and being connected to those who I can connect, love, and share with openly.

Unfortunately, what has kept me from those two things has been my own fear. While I am well equipped to process great amounts of fear and act despite of it, I still struggle with fear. Some years ago I had an experience of the greater dimensions and came back with far more fear than a person should have.

My own fear and resistance and a desire to create what others will accept and like often closes my heart, and a fear of showing up (and potentially, rejection) often tarnishes and taints my interactions and writings.

I have several times connected to a place where I am free to just be and love myself as I am, but the worries of others have come in and the next day has come and that place has been lost many times.

Perhaps last year I came across a woman online writing poetry, and saw her absolute love of this art. I shared something with her and she loved it as well. Witnessing this was a beauty beyond comparison. Alas, I never even wrote back a thank you after my fear of showing up and destroying that arose again.

Now I identify that perhaps that is what I want most and am seeking, to allow myself to fall in love with creation itself.
The desire that follows that nearly destroys me, and that is the desire to be creating on the highest level, with the most powerful creators in the world.
That being said, I don't even know what I would want to create if I could create anything.

I have to note that I'm glad I wrote this.

Thank you all for being here.

my fb, https://www.facebook.com/james.bytes.73

 James Bytes
James BytesMay 22 2021 9:29 PM
Halfway through Session One of this series and it has pretty hard emotionally.
Same story. I was homeschooled, free to explore and fell in love with learning, then went to public school in 8th grade to socialize and among other life events that time repressed the F out of me, though I did learn how to live in the world. Then a few years later the onset of fear from a universe experience wrecked me.
There was only one altercation, change of course, last year. I didn't get that hippy commune of accepting people I so desperately had always needed and wanted. Luckily I did spend a year with some new-age powerful manifesting people at one point.
But last year, I was about to move in with someone who literally had built a middle class hippy commune, and last minute a different path ended me up far from my hometown to the other side of the country.

Now I'm mostly alone, so I have had the time and ability to meditate, create a sacred space, focus on writing and creation. Though my living situation is the opposite of the hippy experience. I live with someone who I feel almost hates seeing visible creativity because of religious beliefs and perhaps a lack in himself, though I do not know if that is the case, I mostly base that off of some psychology material that happened to mention this common pattern, (an action of trying to "snuff out the light of the child" that therapists historically have been known to do to people out of their own envy.)
Friends back home said they recognized a change in me immediately and thought this was not a good space for me.
I swear that if I rise up a certain level of joy or excitement(and I mean nonverbally, I'm a quiet and reserved person), it's sensed and attacked immediately. I know that sounds like my imagination, but I live in a house that focuses only on spirit 100% of the time.

My inner optimist tells me this resistance is beneficial for me, that being externally repressed in my home space is strengthening me and building up momentum for me to explode outwards.
That said, I have no idea where I'm at. Others compliment and comment on my writing skill and writing voice now, but I have no real basis of where that puts me. I know that what I need most is to focus on me and my own love of creation, but I'm 27 now. I can't help feeling like if the "superhumans", "superstars", "big movers" on this earth were going to be my tribe, it would've happened by now. I'd appreciate a written letter from god just letting me know I didn't cut it, that would be fine. It all starts from within, I know, but I'm already a pretty powerful spiritual being, and I don't think there's that much more inner work to do.

I just want to live and be seen for all that I am and can be, to the point that I'm completely willing to surrender every part of my being and self to divinity, it feels like I'm at the point where I've fulfilled one end of a bargain, and am wondering when God is going to fulfill his end.
I've learned to love myself and take care of myself and it isn't enough, I need the world's love too. I can't seem to let that part go and I'm pretty sure I'm not supposed to.

 James Bytes
James BytesMay 23 2021 1:27 PM
I'm used to being able to delete and edit my words aha..
I speak rarely of the past and usually only of the present because a story of the past is so inaccurate by our ever-changing testimony.
Choosing the "wrong path" was not the case, the promise of a 'hippy lifestyle' would have been, as it wasn't authentic, the person got wrapped up deeply in fear and the news and politics and it would likely not have been the conducive space I needed to thrive.

Back to the now, I am blessed in that I can pick up any tools, integrate them into myself and lifestyle. What I've already seen from this course alone is enough for me to take as ingredients and begin cooking with. And while it's true my inner voice may have some serious blockage at this time, it is possible that I'm already at the level I want to be writing at and I cannot see it yet. This seems confirmed by my friend's statement a few minutes ago, "maybe youve already been reborn and its gone unnoticed!". It seems to be the case that I am not experiencing myself, which I'm sure will change with a change of focus.

 James Bytes
James BytesMay 23 2021 10:37 PM
Powerful day. I think the answers to everything I wrote about struggling with here came to me today.

I was right about needing to shift to a love of creation rather than a desire for success. This Ted Talk, "How Great Leaders Inspire Action" confirmed for me that it's not what I do that matters, but why we do it. https://www.ted.com/talks/simon_sinek_how_great_leaders_inspire_action?

Then my fear of showing up was confirmed to be related to my authenticity and dealing with shame and judgement, and the person I live with deals a great deal of shame, and has even commented on how I often speak openly about myself (while there must be some amount of self awareness that he knows that he judges everything under the sun), and this video revealing that this is the original meaning of courage, "to speak one's mind by telling all one's heart", and that this is the courage to be imperfect. I already have courage and will only grow this. The Ted Talk, Brene Brown's The Power of Vulnerability. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4Qm9cGRub0

Finally, as if to confirm my decision to hand over my creative focus to divinity, this incredible, incredible, incredible video, Your Elusive Creative Genius by Elizabeth Gilbert. https://www.ted.com/talks/elizabeth_gilbert_your_elusive_creative_genius?
She even mentions the bargain I mentioned.

 James Bytes
James BytesMay 25 2021 4:17 PM
My alchemy process is seems to be nearing a level of mastery, where I am no longer, 'sipping the waters', rather I have learned to work with the contraction phase of life and the expansion phase, how to identify when my soul is malleable and ready for transformation, and how to just absolutely dump bucketfulls of goodness from every source into my heart in preparation for another rebirth. I mention this because I'm excited to write about it in the future.

What I'm more concerned within the present is to allow to come what may, to tune my heart to intentions I care about and away from worry and doubt. I believe this to be the true meaning of "loving what God loves", this is loving what love loves. That is, loving what is to be loved, what is worth loving, what has real value. There is a treasure hidden in the bible, that book that most of us have had horrible experiences with, and that treasure's name is David. David is the most genuine early author I am aware of that held the heart of a poet and sung from his heart, to the point that I might even call him the archetypal model of the poet in clarity. Anyone who is familiar with religion knows that God loved David's heart, and people alive today still love David's heart. We can take that and rationally understand that no matter what our relationship with divinity, it is clear that Love loves the creatives, the ones who see and understand beauty and art.

I'm focused on developing this relationship with my heart again, inspired by works I've read like the Alchemist as well as this course, and I am starting to access the part of me I have been seeking, it is starting to express. It does seem that this thing inside us is in fact our inner truth and self-expression, that true self-expression is unmistakenly beautiful and full of life. I am grateful to be again experiencing just a taste of this hidden essence rising up again with a purity and perfection beyond measure. I am beginning to drink in the priceless treasure from my own being.

On the side, I've put together some material on reflective listening, not my material, wrapped up in a way that is totally ready for the masses, and I am thrilled to post it soon.

week 3 --

I'm pretty disenchanted with the character I've expressed here, I've kinda left a bad taste in my own mouth. I just have to live with it and accept it is what it is.
What a week..I saw that as much as I face into fear, I'm always reaching for my vape out of anxiety. I saw that I'll never be free as long as fear has this hold on me.
A top priority is killing fear, so it had to be done. I told myself that I've never smoked, the person who smoked before was a memory of someone else. I'm on the fourth day without the vape.
Strange experience. I have become unbelievably sensitive. My hands feel ev-er-y-thing. Every second is waking up and falling asleep to the endless moment of the feeling sensing reality,
I'm hyper tuned into what objects evoke what feelings in me. I'm holding a kunzite crystal close at hand, and it constantly reorients me to my heart.

I can barely focus, I'm just floating in a perpetual in and out daze. I might as well be stoned. I just keep focusing on moving into my body and moving into my heart.
Love being like the expansion of the heart, mentioned in the sessions, has been my experience (in life overall) and getting back into that reality is what I live for. Once it opens, that's it.
In truth it's been a while, but I seek to become okay in all the states I can so it's all good. This week I'm overcoming anger with these withdrawals. "Unclench this fist that holds me" in this badass
'Quicksand' resonates a bit here.

This week blew me away again. A bit 'vulnerable' to say aloud, but I realized at some point what is actually probably my favorite part about this series is that,
and this doesn't express well in text, is that you're okay in the moment. It's a treasure to see. Nowhere else to be or nothing to do, you're there, doing it, showing up, being a badass, being alive.
There's these little fleeting beautiful seconds where you're just chilling that is just really cool. I feel this feeling of, 'endearment'? when I see that, the same gratefulness I would feel to see
a close friend or family member doing well. We don't always see it but sometimes doing well for even a moment is the real message to others, just as much as admitting and showing that we struggle.

As I was saying blown away.. you (Ayla) mentioned "being an embodiment of love every moment" and the creativity that could be in that. It could be said that that idea exactly is what brought me to these sessions.
I have spoken of it in a few ways, "Being the embodiment of love", "Falling in love with love", and "Loving what love loves", and falling in love with creation, and giving away my being to love itself.
That ultimate surrender. Well, this calling was pretty emotionally taxing and I studied into it, and as it turns out, this desire may be counter-intuitive.
I by no means plan to stop trying to become an embodiment of love.. but on some study of psychology, they realized that people trying to, basically, capture the infinity of beauty, they couldn't harness it
and this was wrecking their lives. The text I was reading claimed that we actually shouldn't try to become the all of love, to possess it and conquer it and become it, it may not be the way, because then we
stop being the vessel. The vessel is here for love when it shows up how it wants to show up, the vessel doesn't try to suck in the earth and universe into itself. I didn't like this information at all,
considering it was contradicting my main goal, and even now I don't exactly agree with it, but I did take it into consideration and I did notice that it was easier for me to just be, and connect to love,
when I just held and cradled the love that is here right now. I have felt much more in flow since I let this go a bit.

I was also thrilled to see you speak on gratitude. It truly is the key of keys to changing reality with thought. I've written on how life changing appreciation can be in the past,
but this last week I've been creating content on gratitude as it's come to my attention how many people are in lack. I'm calling it 'Radical Antilack' and even merged in my own gratitude
prayers into a 'random speech bot' to demonstrate my process. It would be up by now if I hadn't gotten hit with these nicotine withdrawals.

But the being here for love thing is pretty big for me right now. I'm done with getting in my own way. I'm going to be putting up majorly impacting content,
and what happens with that content is out of my hands.

- Week 4 -

It appears that quitting smoking was the dragon I was afraid to slay, it was blocking my path. All of the anger in me, all of this repressed energy coming forth, has brought me back into a state of full creation. I have started to fall in love with poetry, and have integrated it into my morning routine. I am getting hit with the lightning sparks creators speak of and keeping a notebook close at hand to capture them. More important perhaps is this cultivation of love and warmth within me as I fill with good fruit and my excitement increases by the moment.

I am not sure if it is a spark gleaned from poetry or the power gained from quitting smoking, or a perspective of my life as an artwork, but I have gained the confidence and excitement and will necessary to put together my first book. I am thrilled.

On watching the first session this week, again I am surprised to learn that you (Ayla) understand being as a "Remembrance" of how to be a creator once again.
I am extremely grateful for the meditation you've passed along. I have been in guided meditations and have been instructed on how to create an energy shield, but have not truly had the necessary experience in practice until today. Before now it has been a constant battle to keep light alive and warm within in my living situation. This is perhaps the most important of resources I have needed, as of course what is more important to create as a creator than my space? I spend a lot of time in love and out of love, and while learning to be okay without love is a great lesson in trust, I grow rather tired of that journey. I am grateful to come this far to reach this place to have this. Thank you for this gift of love.

As a teacher, I operate by an idea that it's not about reaching the many, it's about helping the one. That we don't know why we do what we do but we hope that it reaches the one who needs it.
In this case, however egotistical and narcissistic it may sound, I feel that this time I am the one being targeted. Not because of who I am, but because of how much of what you have offered is the tools I need now and the accompaniment to my existing system. It is also supportive to hear you express the way you see the world in the same way I see it, in gratitude, purpose, love, existence.
I hope to return the favor. Perhaps my book will be a success and you will gain insight and su
